Hi, CVC Workshop Participants,

We are gearing up and very excited to have you at Pomona College this summer for the 4th annual CVC Workshop.  This email serves to provide you with logistical details before you arrive.

TRAVEL:

As you make your own travel arrangements, please contact Jo Hardin (jo.hardin@pomona.edu) or Kathy Sheldon (ksheldon@pomona.edu) with any questions.

Out of town guests will be staying at the DoubleTree Claremont Hotel at 555 W. Foothill Blvd.  The hotel is 1 mile from the workshop (which will be held at 610 N. College Ave., Claremont, CA, Millikan Laboratory, Pomona College).   Let us know if you would prefer not to walk the mile, and we will make sure to have at least one car going from the hotel to campus.

SCHEDULE:

We will begin the workshop at 9am on Monday, June 20th and end in the early afternoon on Friday, June 24th.  Last year's schedule is here:

http://cvc.mosaic-web.org/Summer2015/schedule2015.html

Breakfast and lunch will be catered on campus.  Dinner will be on your own except Thursday night when we will all dine together (paid for by the workshop) at Buca di Beppo.  Downtown Claremont is only a few blocks from campus, lovely to explore, and full of good eats.

On Wednesday afternoon, Hilary Parker (from Stitch Fix http://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/ and Not So Standard Deviations https://soundcloud.com/nssd-podcast) will give a 4pm seminar.  


PRE-WORKSHOP PREPARATION:

A major purpose of the workshop is to provide advice and help in setting up a
data visualization/computing project for you to use in your own classes. The
tools you will learn are powerful enough that you will be able to create a
substantial project during the workshop, and will need just a few hours to tune
it up when you get home.  If possible, you should spend some time thinking about
a project that could come together for you during the workshop.

R and RSTUDIO

We will provide you with access to an RStudio server account that will let you work with
R and RStudio in the cloud without any installation required on your part.  But you might also
like to install R and RStudio locally on your own desktop or laptop.

Looking forward to seeing you all!

Best, Jo, Nick, Danny, and Randy